The Marrow of Tradition, a 1901 novel by Charles Chesnutt, has been lauded as "probably the most astute political-historical novel of its day," while The Sport of the Gods, a 1902 novel by Paul Laurence Dunbar, was recently praised for "expos[ing] the disjuncture between law and justice" in the US at the time. ____ novels are just two of several by Black authors from the period to have garnered such acclaim.

Which choice completes the text so that it conforms to the conventions of Standard English?

A) Chesnutts and Dunbars'
B) Chesnutts and Dunbars'
C) Chesnutts and Dunbar's
D) Chesnutts's and Dunbar's

22

Researchers have long been aware that pistol shrimp use a specialized claw to create bubbles that stun their prey, but understanding of the phenomenon has been limited by researchers' inability to accurately measure the tiny, rapid movements of the shrimp. ____ scientists have turned to computer simulations to re-create the claw's closing motion, allowing them to track the pressure, speed, and density of water throughout the bubble formation.

Which choice completes the text with the most logical transition?

A) In light of this limitation,
B) Addressing the flaws in their hypothesis,
C) To correct this misconception,
D) To determine where they went wrong,

23

In his 2000 book Bowling Alone, sociologist Robert Putnam argues that the erosion of social capital in the United States can be traced to the waning popularity of a variety of civic organizations, such as scouting groups, labor unions, and sports clubs. ____ between 1980and1993, though the number of bowlers in the country increased by 10 percent, the number of bowlers participating in a league decreased by 40 percent.

Which choice completes the text with the most logical transition?

A) This argument, though valid, may overlook other forms of group participation:
B) Some critics have presented evidence that the book may overstate the data's significance:
C) The book's title alludes to an example of this social shift:
D) According to Putnam, this decline has broader social implications:

24

In Color Charts: A History (2024), anthropologist Anne Varichon uses vivid prose to describe various systems and tools that have been used over the past few centuries for categorizing colors. ____ Varichon's book features many high-quality images of these color presentation tools --- from fanlike arrangements of hued fabric swatches to clusters of dyed feathers.

Which choice completes the text with the most logical transition?

A) Specifically,
B) Additionally,