Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?

A) skeptically
B) strangely
C) neutrally
D) favorably

5

Scientists monitor ecosystem-wide plant health by tracking gross primary productivity (GPP) --- the rate of carbon dioxide absorption by plants --- through carbon flux data obtained on-site from flux towers. But as flux towers aren't evenly distributed globally, alternate proxies for GPP obtained remotely from satellite sensors, including solar-induced chlorophyll fluorescence (SIF) emitted by plants during photosynthesis, are being investigated. The GPP-SIF relationship, which is mediated by water availability and other factors, isn't completely understood, but studies suggest that SIF typically correlates well with flux-tower data.

Which choice best states the main purpose of the text?

A) To explain why water availability and other factors influencing the relationship between GPP and SIF may compromise the reliability of GPP data obtained from flux towers
B) To evaluate the potential of two types of scientific instruments typically used for tracking GPP to also reliably measure SIF
C) To identify the systemic errors associated with flux-tower estimates of GPP that prompted scientists to investigate alternate methods for gathering carbon flux data
D) To discuss a method for indirectly measuring GPP with remote-sensor technology that may compensate for a limitation associated with a standard method

6

A trend away from stable, relatively high humidity in the Middle East over the past 8 million years can be inferred from the composition of cave formations dating to different periods. Cave formations from about 7 million years ago mainly consist of transparent columnar calcite, indicative of an underground water system regularly replenished by rainfall. Cave formations younger than approximately 1 million years, however, mainly consist of branching, opaque (and sometimes colorful) material, often with more frequent growth interruptions, indicating an intermittent water supply.

Which choice best describes the function of the two underlined portions in the text as a whole?

A) They provide evidence from different Middle Eastern cave formations that substantiates the claim that the region experienced a long period of relatively high humidity
B) They describe divergent features of cave formations that when taken together imply decreasing variation in Middle Eastern rainfall over time.
C) They draw a contrast between Middle Eastern cave formations that is suggestive of geographic differences in the underground water supply
D) They identify different characteristics of cave formations that when considered together provide evidence for a long-term shift toward lower and more variable humidity in the Middle East