managed and cultivated but that were never fully domesticated into true crop plants

C) Lexical reconstructions indicate that the earliest Bantu speakers' words for yams, starchy tubers that are today an agricultural staple throughout sub-Saharan Africa, were inherited from languages predating the arrival of Bantu ancestral groups in their homeland.

D) The earliest unambiguous archaeobotanical evidence of plant cultivation and domestication in West-Central Africa consists of pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum) found in three sites in present-day Cameroon dated to around 2,200-2,350 ya and in one site in the present-day Democratic Republic of the Congo dated to around 2,200 ya.

15

Episodes in which technologies fall into disuse after a period of adoption, as occurred with the loss of bow-and-arrow technology in northern Europe during the late Paleolithic, are informative for understanding the factors shaping technological development in ancient societies. However, it can be unclear whether an absence of artifacts signifies a cultural shift or is merely an effect of gaps in the archaeological record. A dataset of gold objects, including beads and earrings, recovered from Bronze and Iron Age sites at Armavir, Horom, and other places in the Caucasus reveals a steep drop in the total number of gold artifacts beginning around 1500 BCE in some locations. That this drop represents a genuine instance of cultural change is likely, given that ___

Which choice most logically completes the text?

A) far fewer gold objects dating to earlier than 1500 BCE have been recovered from sites in the Caucasus than have been recovered from comparably old sites outside the region.

B) there is a positive relationship between the number of gold objects found at Caucasus sites and the sites' respective distances from nearby sources of gold, such as gold ore deposits.

C) a much larger number of Caucasus sites dating from after 1500 BCE are represented in the dataset than sites dating from before 1500 BCE are.

D) the proportion of gold objects to other types of objects recovered is significantly higher at Armavir than at Horom despite the two sites' close proximity.

16

During the nineteenth century, distinctive cream-colored brick dominated the architecture of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The widespread use of this locally produced material, which created visual cohesion across neighborhoods that were built in varying architectural styles, ___ to Milwaukee acquiring its enduring nickname "Cream City."

Which choice completes the text so that it conforms to the conventions of Standard English?

A) leading

B) led

C) having led

D) which led

17

Fluid impedes sound considerably more than air ___ the process by which the human ear reconciles the discrepancy between the outer ear and the fluid-filled inner ear, recruits the tympanic membrane and the lever action of the ear bones to increase pressure such that sound can pass through the inner ear unimpeded.

Which choice completes the text so that it conforms to the conventions of Standard English?