A study by Peggy Liu and colleagues suggests that people underestimate the ____ they spark by unexpectedly reaching out to a social contact, particularly after a long period of no interaction. Not only are recipients of even simple gestures of affinity (e.g., a text message saying "hello") pleased by the gestures, that pleasure is largely commensurate with the recipients' degree of surprise.

Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?
A) incredulity
B) consternation
C) anticipation
D) gratification

5

The following text is from Edith Wharton's 1917 novel Summer. Eagle County is located in a region where summer weather can be quite cool.

There had never been such a June in Eagle County. Usually it was a month of moods, with abrupt alternations of belated frost and mid-summer heat; this year, day followed day in a sequence of temperate beauty. Every morning a breeze blew steadily from the hills. Toward noon it built up great canopies of white cloud that threw a cool shadow over fields and woods; then before sunset the clouds dissolved again, and the western light rained its unobstructed brightness on the valley.

Which choice best states the main purpose of the text?
A) To depict a problem
B) To portray a setting
C) To develop a character
D) To represent a conflict

6

The 2024 movie Mean Girls, a remake of the 2004 cult classic, earned over $28 million during its first weekend in US theaters. One reason for its popularity is that the movie's marketing team used the internet to introduce new viewers to the original story before the remake was released. The marketers uploaded the original film divided into 23 short segments to a social media site popular with teenagers. The entire film received at least750,000 views in one day, and 100,000 people started following the "Mean Girls" social media account.

Which choice best states the main purpose of the text?
A) To compare movie theaters in the United States to movie theaters in other countries
B) To criticize the cost of making movies in the United States
C) To explain the success of advertising for the Mean Girls remake
D) To praise the actors who starred in the original version of Mean Girls

7

Text 1

In 2015 Burgos, Spain, was named a City of Gastronomy by UNESCO in recognition of the city's unique food culture. The honor is well known among both residents of the city and tourists who visit. It's obvious that the selection of Burgos by UNESCO has brought awareness to local recipes, cooking practices, and chefs and has provided a boost to the city's tourism industry.